feat(csp): document report-only usage and usecase with adyen (#496)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: docs/appendices/migration-guides/index.mdx

## `2.18.0` -> `2.19.0`

### Allow report-only frames for Adyen

> You may had to allow all iframes with Adyen to load 3DS2 authorization iframes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you were using Adyen as a payment provider you might have allowed all iframes to load, to prevent blocking  3DS2 authorization iframes
```
